CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

**Table of Contents**

- [Contributing guidelines](#contributing-guidelines)
    - [Terms](#terms)
    - [Certificate of Origin](#certificate-of-origin)
    - [Contributing a patch](#contributing-a-patch)
    - [Issue and pull request management](#issue-and-pull-request-management)
    - [Pre-check before submitting a PR](#pre-check-before-submitting-a-pr)

# Contributing guidelines

## Terms

All contributions to the repository must be submitted under the terms of the [Apache Public License 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).

## Certificate of Origin

By contributing to this project, you agree to the Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO). This document was created by the Linux Kernel community and is a simple statement that you, as a contributor, have the legal right to make the contribution. See the [DCO](DCO) file for details.

## Contributing a patch

1. Submit an issue describing your proposed change to the repository in question. The repository owners will respond to your issue promptly.
2. Fork the desired repository, then develop and test your code changes.
3. Submit a pull request.

## Issue and pull request management

Anyone can comment on issues and submit reviews for pull requests. In order to be assigned an issue or pull request, you can leave a `/assign <your Github ID>` comment on the issue or pull request (PR).

## Pre-check before submitting a PR 

Before submitting a PR, please perform the following steps:

- Run steps in [Steps for test](README.md#steps-for-test) in order to verify that:
    - Code has been properly linted
    - Unit and E2E tests are passing

Commit message:

Update docs (#82)
* Add CONTRIBUTING.md

Signed-off-by: Dale Haiducek <dhaiduce@redhat.com>

* Add DCO

Signed-off-by: Dale Haiducek <dhaiduce@redhat.com>

* Update Makefile and GH Actions

Signed-off-by: Dale Haiducek <dhaiduce@redhat.com>

* Update README.md

Signed-off-by: Dale Haiducek <dhaiduce@redhat.com>

* Revert GH Action removal

Signed-off-by: Dale Haiducek <dhaiduce@redhat.com>

* Clarify namespaces

Signed-off-by: Dale Haiducek <dhaiduce@redhat.com>

* Remove comment

Signed-off-by: Dale Haiducek <dhaiduce@redhat.com>

* Polish README

Signed-off-by: Dale Haiducek <dhaiduce@redhat.com>

* Update docs

Signed-off-by: Dale Haiducek <dhaiduce@redhat.com>

* update to work with install instructions for ocm (#77)

Signed-off-by: Dale Haiducek <dhaiduce@redhat.com>

* add lease controller to report status as an addon (#78)

* add lease controller to report status

* update

* fix

* fix

* update code

* updat dependencies

Signed-off-by: Dale Haiducek <dhaiduce@redhat.com>

* fix lease name (#79)

Signed-off-by: Dale Haiducek <dhaiduce@redhat.com>

* Update to trigger build for security vulnerability re-packaging (#80)

Signed-off-by: Gus Parvin <gparvin@redhat.com>
Signed-off-by: Dale Haiducek <dhaiduce@redhat.com>

* add a change so we can get the pipeline fixed (#81)

Signed-off-by: Gus Parvin <gparvin@redhat.com>
Signed-off-by: Dale Haiducek <dhaiduce@redhat.com>

* Remove DCO file; Add Code of Conduct

Signed-off-by: Dale Haiducek <dhaiduce@redhat.com>

Co-authored-by: Yu Cao <ycao@redhat.com>
Co-authored-by: Gus Parvin <gparvin@redhat.com>

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

**Table of Contents**

- [Contributing guidelines](#contributing-guidelines)
    - [Terms](#terms)
    - [Certificate of Origin](#certificate-of-origin)
    - [DCO Sign Off](#dco-sign-off)
    - [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
    - [Contributing a patch](#contributing-a-patch)
    - [Issue and pull request management](#issue-and-pull-request-management)
    - [Pre-check before submitting a PR](#pre-check-before-submitting-a-pr)

# Contributing guidelines

## Terms

All contributions to the repository must be submitted under the terms of the [Apache Public License 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).

## Certificate of Origin

By contributing to this project, you agree to the Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO). This document was created by the Linux Kernel community and is a simple statement that you, as a contributor, have the legal right to make the contribution. See the [DCO](https://github.com/open-cluster-management/community/blob/main/DCO) file for details.

## DCO Sign Off

You must sign your commit to state that you certify the [DCO](https://github.com/open-cluster-management/community/blob/main/DCO). To sign your commit, add a line like the following at the end of your commit message:

```
Signed-off-by: John Smith <john@example.com>
```

This can be done with the `--signoff` option to `git commit`. See the [Git documentation](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-commit#Documentation/git-commit.txt--s) for details. You can also mass sign-off a whole pull request with `git rebase --signoff main`, replacing `main` with the branch you are creating a pull request into.

## Code of Conduct

The Open Cluster Management project has adopted the CNCF Code of Conduct. Refer to our [Community Code of Conduct](https://github.com/open-cluster-management/community/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) for details.

## Contributing a patch

1. Submit an issue describing your proposed change to the repository in question. The repository owners will respond to your issue promptly.
2. Fork the desired repository, then develop and test your code changes.
3. Submit a pull request.

## Issue and pull request management

Anyone can comment on issues and submit reviews for pull requests. In order to be assigned an issue or pull request, you can leave a `/assign <your Github ID>` comment on the issue or pull request (PR).

## Pre-check before submitting a PR 

Before submitting a PR, please perform the following steps:

- Run steps in [Steps for test](README.md#steps-for-test) in order to verify that:
    - Code has been properly linted
    - Unit and E2E tests are passing
